add notes for Windows contributor in BUILDING.md (#926)
arduino/arduino-ide: BUILDING.md

    git push origin 1.2.3
   ```

> ## Notes for Windows contributors

Reviewer: I suggest moving this section inside ["**Build from source**"](https://github.com/arduino/arduino-ide/blob/5e1d0d00c8f30c0299b68b27c6318aa07e858848/BUILDING.md#build-from-source), above the ["**CI**"](https://github.com/arduino/arduino-ide/blob/5e1d0d00c8f30c0299b68b27c6318aa07e858848/BUILDING.md#ci) section. This information is about a dependency for building from source, so that is the most appropriate place for it.

> In case the build does not succeded it's possible that you have to install Microsoft Visual C++ (MSVC) compiler toolset. You can download it from the Visual Studio [downloads page](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/#other) selecting Build Tools for Visual Studio 20XX. Then you have to install Desktop development with C++.
> 

Reviewer 2: I'll rephrase slightly. MSVC is a strict requirement, and without it the build cannot succeed.

```suggestion
Windows requires Microsoft Visual C++ (MSVC) compiler toolset to be installed on your development machine. In case it's not already present, it can be downloaded from the Visual Studio [downloads page](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/#other) selecting Build Tools for Visual Studio 20XX. 
```

Also, not sure it's clear "Then you have to install Desktop development with C++". Is is a separate applicatoin? is it a bundle that must be checked while installing the MSVC?

Author: Thank you for your suggestion. I applied the changes here: [5e1d0d00](https://github.com/arduino/arduino-ide/commit/5e1d0d00c8f30c0299b68b27c6318aa07e858848)

> Windows requires Microsoft Visual C++ (MSVC) compiler toolset to be installed on your development machine. In case it's not already present, it can be downloaded from the Visual Studio [downloads page](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/#other) selecting Build Tools for Visual Studio 20XX. It is important to enable Desktop development with C++ workload during the installation procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows requires the Microsoft Visual C++ (MSVC) compiler toolset to be installed on your development machine.

In case it's not already present, it can be downloaded from the "**Tools for Visual Studio 20XX**" section of the Visual Studio [downloads page](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/#build-tools-for-visual-studio-2022) via the "**Build Tools for Visual Studio 20XX**" (e.g., "**Build Tools for Visual Studio 2022**") download link.

Select "**Desktop development with C++**" from the "**Workloads**" tab during the installation procedure.
```

- Minor grammar nitpick
- Formatting to visually differentiate references to UI components from prose text.
- Break text into paragraphs to accommodate the increased verbosity from my suggested additions.
- Specified section so that the reader will be able to find the download link even after the anchor is removed.
- Correct anchor. (I didn't find an `other` anchor on the page.)
  `build-tools-for-visual-studio-2022` is not ideal because it will break at the next release, but there is nothing better on the page. The link will still work even with a non-existent fragment in the URL.
- Add an example of the download link label so it is clear that the "XX" is a placeholder.
- Provide more explicit instructions for installation
